feature/redelcom-how-to-android-apps (#2263)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/redelcom/local-android-integration.en.md

Your app will communicate with the RDCPass system locally, allowing you to process payments, perform telecommunications recharges or bill payments, and even have the option to print Documentos Tributarios Electrónicos or receipts directly from the Redelcom device.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > If you wish to perform a local integration from MacOS or Windows computers, you can learn how to do so by accessing [our documentation](/developers/en/docs/redelcom/how-tos/install-app-android-macos-windows).

Author: ```suggestion
> If you wish to perform a local integration from MacOS or Windows computers, you can learn how to install an Android app on our devices by accessing [our documentation](/developers/en/docs/redelcom/how-tos/install-app-android-macos-windows).
```
